---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: Clark
datePublished: '2016-04-29T20:12:26.931Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-29T20:11:21.304Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-29-clark.md
published: true
url: clark/index.html
_type: Article

---
Beauty versus Efficiency, And A Lover's request

==========================================

Women I ask you to celebrate all men's ability to objectify.

Men I ask you to be careful to not objectify any person.

To take a thought or idea and make it real is a practice in objectification. For this point to make sense I'm defining objectification as: "the creation of an idea taking form in our 3D world."

What some would call manifestation I'm borrowing and redefining a concept from David Deida and calling it objectification so we can see from a different view point.

We spend lots of time being concerned about being objectified. Yes, I realize that the down side of this is to miss seeing who a person or an object is.

Yes men objectify. This is how men create. Men create "things"... Cars, houses. tools, Air Conditioning, computers, cell phones, etc

From the time of Adam and Eve 

through to today. Men objectify. For example, In the Biblical story of Adam and Eve, the man got the job of going out and naming things. Naming and labeling is one facet of objectification. Even today most of our scientists and the engineers are men. Could it not be because of gender inequality but parly because men, in general, are spiritually built to make "things." Surely any women who wants to make thing too along side men should be allowed to. But let's not get side tracked into conversations of gender equality, discrimination, or who does what better. I'm making a different point. The sciences have long been responsible for naming, labeling and codifying the world into some semblance of logical understanding. Many of our modern day interventions have come from the scientific explorations of men and women.

My point is men make THINGS. Yes this is a generalization but when compared with women who are spiritually built to make life. I am making a generalized point to bring a new perspective to our gender differences. My point is that men make "

**things**

" men do not, in general, make "

**life**

". Stick with me, do not argue my point just yet. You've not heard the full thinking. Don't assume you know where I going with this.

To make a comparison in more detail. I am concerned with exploring the idea of that Women bring spirit into 3D as is evidenced by their creation of

**life**

while men bring Spirit into 3D as is evidenced by their creation of

**things**

.

It is serving life's creation which focuses women to be concerned with beauty.  It is serving the creation of things which focus men to be concerned with efficiency.

What is hilarious (and maybe hippocratic) is no one minds being identified/objectified by our names while everyone had been extremely sensitized to being defined and objectified by our sexual appendages.  

A name is as much of an objectification as seeing someone defining a person for their breasts, vagina, penis, asshole, job, beauty, work, personality, clothing, money, face, car, high heals, house, dress or sexual orientation.

During my time of trying to understand gender differences, I have found little information helping me understand how creation (The act of turning spirit into physical form)  is different between the two genders. So in trying to answer my own question.  Is there a difference between the way men and women turn spirit into physical form.

This is what I can see so far.

In the feminine, due to the obvious act of birth, it is easy to see that their creation process has a life-giving aspect to it which seems to be missing in the dominant masculine creation process.

Surely the masculine also does creation and turns spirit into form form. But how? My current big question is,... "How do I describe it?". I looking at objectification as the masculine energy creation process.

I will not go so far to say men do NOT ever create life and women do NOT ever create things. That would be false. Instead of making this an absolute, this is about illuminating an understanding which helps us to see and celebrate each genders gifts, instead of criticizing our differences.

If this creation difference is true, this means a rather large difference between the two genders and makes it rather hard for both sides to celebrate each other.

In short and over generalized, Masculine energy is concerned with making objects, while Feminine energy is concerned with making life. 

If the masculine creation process can be represented as the creation of things. And if the feminine creation process can be represented by the creation of life. How does that help us?

By recognizing and celebrating each gender's unique ability, I think we might be able to get along better. 

I hope that we can begin to see how the two genders get into conflict and opposition during very ordinary tasks.

As a clarification, I am not giving men a rational excuse to sexually objectify women. To be clear I think it is wrong, dangerous and emotionally damaging. But I also think it has been far too long since men's ability to objectify has had any positive airplay.

Here we have the potential root of the feminine's lack of appreciation for the masculine's unique creation ability because men's creations seem to have no life and because women have been the object of the dark side of objectification (the degrading sexual practice of objectification) which has been harnessed to sell things and given too much free reign go unchallenged in our current culture. 

We might also have the birth of the masculine's incomplete appreciation for the feminine's creation of life because of their lack of emphasis on that "does-the-thing-work". And maybe more importantly, in many cases, the feminine's lack of concern for spending men's energy without appropriate concern for the efficiency and sufficient appreciation for the spending of energy.

Think about it like this, when someone else spends money you earned without your permission or obvious concern for maximizing how far it goes.  Resentment will follow.  When you spend any man's energy without asking permission or concern for his time and efficiency.   Resentment follows.  Resentment is a disconnection from you.  If you want connection with a man, your concern for his efficiency and time is a priority.

On the other gender side, the opposite deal is present. Men I ask you to start thinking about beauty as a currency for women. The more beauty (life) they have in their lives the more abundant they feel and the more fun they have. So without your concern for them having beauty in their lives the less sexually appealing she feels. And maybe more importantly, the less alive she feels. Since women's happiness feeds us men we have a self interest in being concerned about how much life/beauty they feel. If we want more sex, more happiness, more adventure, more juiciness,.....**your concern for her beauty is a priority**.

To demonstrate how enlightening/practical this view point is,.......  When I substitute life for beauty on the feminine side and efficiency for things on the masculine side.  I was able to see life differently,  Maybe you can too.  I'll let my story below speak for me.

In an overly simplified description, the feminine's concern for beauty is so primary, that how well a thing works is an afterthought (almost unimportant). While the masculine's concern for efficiency is so primary that his concern for beauty is an afterthought (almost a waste of energy). Here we have a base set up for conflict. Possibly, all due to the different way the two genders create.

Why focus on beauty (fem) and efficiency (mass) as core elements of the creation process? Because it makes the story example following this easier to see the conflict.

Beauty is the dominant feminine concern about life. 

Just as efficiency is the dominant masculine concern about work.

It is this difference in focus which makes the co-creating process hard (awkward) unless both genders compromise and let the other side do what they do best. A head on conflict between genders is guaranteed when both sides insist on their focus being primary.

The masculine will lose some efficiency to accommodate beauty. And the Feminine will lose some beauty to accommodate efficiency. Both sides must be willing to compromise in order to celebrate the strengths each side brings to the table.

At the outset of working together, The masculine MUST make time in its plans for the feminine to provide life-giving beauty. And feminine MUST make allowances for the masculine to provide Life saving efficiency.

Here is areal life story of how this happens,

**When the feminine's concern for beauty runs into the masculine's concern for efficiency.**

While running sound for Sunday morning services.  I was continually requested to turn up the volume during songs.  I resisted this because I could tell that while standing under the speakers that the higher volume requested was driving speakers too hard.  Overtime, if I allow this practice to persist, it would ruin the speakers and cost us $3000 dollars to replace them.  This was me, the masculine, being concerned with saving life, being efficient, and making things work correctly.  It would cost us life "time" to make the money to afford replacing them.  This can also be seen as the masculine provide and protect motive. 

In discussing the request with the female Reverend. I discovered her concern was getting the people to get up and move with the music. I agreed that when we turned the volume up people were more likely to get energized and start moving. This was her, the feminine, being concerned with creating life, giving life, making life beautiful. It was the dance of life that provided vitality and was her concern. 

I did not see all this in the moment. Understandings like this, take time, reflection and an open mind. I'm glad I was willing to compromise and suggest a idea. I'm glad she was willing to compromise and consider my ideas.

Help us heal the gender gap.

Women, I ask you to find a men creating through his unique ability to objectify and sincerely celebrate him for his creation.

Men, I ask you to find a woman creating through her unique ability to beautify and sincerely celebrate her for it.

Objectification is not the only or even the most important concern underlying gender differences. But for those for have the desire to dig deeper it can reveal nuanced and enlightening aspect to your relationships. For those committed to creating high quality partnership and celebrating the other gender insights like this can help.

comments by my friend and fellow explorer into who we are.

JACKIE C. Florida

==============

In general, men tend to be left brain thinkers... linear... how do I get from point a to point b in the most effective manner. Women, in general, tend to be right brain thinkers... which is more abstract and emotionally driven... although it would be a mistake to think that there is no logic within the abstract/emotional realm. However... we are moving toward a time when we are all developing more of a selective whole brain thinking scenario. With more women in the work force, they have to tap into the left brain, linear logic thinking because that is predominately how the business world is set up to work. Men, on the other hand are getting more in touch with their emotions and ultimately with their right-brain emotional, abstract thinking/feeling.

It becomes a selective situation because most are either operating through left brain thinking/problem solving or through right brain/emotional abstract feeling seeing hearing creating. And then we have some who are true whole brain thinkers who are fully engaged in both 

realms all of the time...

How does this translate to relationships... well...I think women may have had a head start in this as they became working mothers and have had a longer time to adapt to it all. But that being said, one of the problems I observe in relationships is that women have taken on more of the "masculine" traits for problem solving/creating in a linear mode...because of the working environment and sheer survival...yet in their core they are purely feminine and they long to live in that feeling/emotional space of beauty in relationships... yet...they have not yet learned how to turn off the predominant masculine thinking once they leave the workplace. This results in two "masculine" energies attempting to have a relationship which, like magnets, tend to repel rather than attract.

Likewise... because of the state of our economy... many men have become the stay at home parent, thus moving more into their "feminine" right brain way of being... emotional/abstract/feeling/nurturing.... yet, in relationships they are like fish out of water, because at their core they are masculine... providers/protectors/problem solving doers

While we are all evolving and going through the somewhat difficult growth of being in a state that is totally unfamiliar territory compared to our core way of being/thinking... and it doesn't come with a manual... overall, as we both become more aware, we begin to better understand the whole of it... we begin to see life through a wide view and we become less likely to judge anything or anyone in quite the same way we have done throughout life...and ultimately throughout history. We all become more aware of the full range of possibilities... of not just getting from point A to point B...but to already understand where we are...and the end result...but, there are a myriad of ways to get to the end result which are all beautiful and each has it's own set of rewards and challenges.

It opens us all to begin to see more than just our little piece of the pie, so to speak! And with seeing comes greater understanding.

And the greatest understanding is to fully get to know ourselves... to understand who we are at our core... and who we are in our expanded versions of ourselves and how to balance that in a world that is also discovering.... I think this is ultimately leading us to less stringent ways of "objectifying" in order to make sense and/or explain things within our own unique worlds... and opening us to expand our ways of seeing, feeling, thinking... which ultimately also expands our often limited expectations of what something is supposed to look like or be like.

And... as this story shows... makes us all better able and willing to "compromise" in ways that work for all of us!

Ultimately... expanding our view also makes us all much more aware of the beauty of the emotional/abstract/undefineable spiritual aspects of life as well as how we are able to tap into that and bring it into being in this 3D world we live in.

Clark

[View blog][0]

Report an issue

[0]: http://evolve-clark.blogspot.com/